Test and deprecate Themis 0.9.6 compatibility path (#614)
cossacklabs/themis: CHANGELOG.md

      provide Seal mode API that is safe to use with passphrases ([#577](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/pull/577)).

  - **Breaking changes**

    - Secure Cell compatibility with Themis 0.9.6 is now disabled by default ([#614](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/pull/614)).

>       Old versions of Themis on 64-bit platforms have been using incorrect encryption algorithm with resulted in Secure Cells that cannot be decrypted on 32-bit machines (see [#279](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/pull/279) for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Old versions of Themis platforms have been using incorrect calculation of encrypted data length, which resulted in Secure Cells encrypted on 64-machine cannot be decrypted on 32-bit machines (see [#279](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/pull/279) for details).
```

I disagree with "incorrect encryption algorithm" sentence. The issue was not about encryption algorithm, or params, it was about using wrong data type of storing length. We shouldn't make users think that _encryption_ was bad/broken.

Author: _Technically_ if the algorithm says “use u32” and you're using u64, that's incorrect, but I agree with you that it can make an impression as if we'd been using DES by accident.

Reviewer: > the algorithm says “use u32”

the issue was not about AES algorithm, but in determining hmac length. That's not an algorithm issue, that's implementation issue :)

Author: I meant Secure Cell algorithm, as in whatever happens inside `themis_secure_cell_mode_encrypt()`. Well, given that the implementation is the spec and there is no paper that describes the entire algorithm in some language-agonstic way...

Author: Anyways, I've reworded that paragraph a bit to talk about “encrypted length computation” rather than “incorrect algorithm” and fixed some typos.
